A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
I am never at home on Sundays.
Let me help you with your baggage.
The book is in front of the table.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Two seats were vacant.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Christmas is coming.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
The old apple revels in its authority.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
We have a lot of rain in June.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Hurry!
We need to rent a room for our party.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Is it free?
This is a Japanese doll.
Please wait outside of the house.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
She did her best to help him.
The lake is a long way from here.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
A glittering gem is not enough.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
Where do random thoughts come from?
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
The stranger officiates the meal.
Mary plays the piano.
Don't step on the broken glass.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
How was the math test?
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
I want more detailed information.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Wow, does that work?
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
She was too short to see over the fence.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
The river stole the gods.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
She advised him to come back at once.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.