She advised him to come back at once.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
I am never at home on Sundays.
Please wait outside of the house.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Where do random thoughts come from?
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
The lake is a long way from here.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
The stranger officiates the meal.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
The book is in front of the table.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Don't step on the broken glass.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
This is a Japanese doll.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Mary plays the piano.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
The mysterious diary records the voice.